docs(deployment): Add Docker Image section (#17794)
vercel/next.js: docs/deployment.md

`next build` builds the production application in the `.next` folder. After building, `next start` starts a Node.js server that supports [hybrid pages](/docs/basic-features/pages.md), serving both statically generated and server-side rendered pages.

### Docker Image

Next.js can be deployed to any hosting provider that supports Docker containers. This is the approach you should use when you're deploying to container orchestrators such as Kubernetes or Hashicorp Nomad, or just want to run a docker container in a single node in any cloud provider.

Here is a multi-stage `Dockerfile` using `node:alpine` that you can use:

```Dockerfile
FROM node:alpine AS builder

> RUN apk add --no-cache libc6-compat

Reviewer: Would be good to document why I would need `libc6-compat` deps

Author: Just added a link that describes why it might be needed. I'm just a bit in doubt if it is needed when installing dependencies, bundling the app or both. I couldn't test it right now but I know that for running the app you don't need it.

WORKDIR /app
COPY package.json yarn.lock ./

> RUN yarn

Reviewer: I would suggest using the following as a good practice:

```suggestion
RUN yarn install --frozen-lockfile
```

COPY . .

> RUN yarn build

Reviewer: Could you move the building of the package to a separate Docker stage

Related to: https://github.com/vercel/next.js/discussions/16995#discussioncomment-132339

Reviewer 2: Thank you for chiming in here!

Author: done! =)

FROM node:alpine
WORKDIR /app

ENV NODE_ENV production
RUN addgroup -g 1001 -S nodejs

> RUN adduser -S nextjs -u 1001

Reviewer: Love it 🚀

USER nextjs
EXPOSE 3000

COPY --from=builder /app/node_modules ./node_modules

> COPY --from=builder /app/.next ./.next

Reviewer 3: What about the `public` folder?

Author: good catch!

Author: done!

`next build` builds the production application in the `.next` folder. After building, `next start` starts a Node.js server that supports [hybrid pages](/docs/basic-features/pages.md), serving both statically generated and server-side rendered pages.

### Docker Image

> Next.js can be deployed to any hosting provider that supports Docker containers. This is the approach you should use when you're deploying to container orchestrators such as Kubernetes or Hashicorp Nomad, or just want to run a docker container in a single node in any cloud provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next.js can be deployed to any hosting provider that supports [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) containers. You can use this approach when deploying to container orchestrators such as [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) or [HashiCorp Nomad](https://www.nomadproject.io/), or when running inside a single node in any cloud provider.
```

Here is a multi-stage `Dockerfile` using `node:alpine` that you can use:

```Dockerfile
# Install dependencies only when needed
FROM node:alpine AS deps
# Check https://github.com/nodejs/docker-node/tree/b4117f9333da4138b03a546ec926ef50a31506c3#nodealpine to understand why libc6-compat might be needed.
RUN apk add --no-cache libc6-compat
WORKDIR /app
COPY package.json yarn.lock ./
RUN yarn install --frozen-lockfile

# Rebuild the source code only when needed
FROM node:alpine AS builder
COPY . .
COPY --from=deps /app/node_modules ./node_modules
RUN yarn build

# Production image, copy all the files and run next
FROM node:alpine AS runner
WORKDIR /app

ENV NODE_ENV production
RUN addgroup -g 1001 -S nodejs
RUN adduser -S nextjs -u 1001
USER nextjs
EXPOSE 3000

COPY --from=builder /app/next.config.js ./
COPY --from=builder /app/public ./public
COPY --from=builder /app/.next ./.next
COPY --from=builder /app/node_modules ./node_modules

> # Uncomment the following line in case you want to disable telemetry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Next.js collects completely anonymous telemetry data about general usage.
# Learn more here: https://nextjs.org/telemetry
# Uncomment the following line in case you want to disable telemetry.
```

# RUN npx next telemetry disable

CMD ["node_modules/.bin/next", "start"]
```

> Make sure to place this in the root folder of your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to place this Dockerfile in the root folder of your project.
```

> You can build this with `docker build . -t my-next-js-app` and run with `docker run -p 3000:3000 my-next-js-app`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can build your container with `docker build . -t my-next-js-app` and run it with `docker run -p 3000:3000 my-next-js-app`.
```
